So welcome back to our course project our Bergere Boulder now the Bergere Boulder is already pretty
great.
We can build burgers with it which doesn't sound too bad for this kind of application.
Now we can continue to check out and read.
Now when we click this nothing happens except for this alert.
Now in the last module we learned how we can actually send HTP requests.
So this sounds like a great opportunity to actually store that order.
The customer customers about to place on a server now will then find you in his application later in
the course once we know how to create different pages in our single page app and have for show a check
out for them and so on.
But for now storing the order and getting the orders that would be an amazing advancement in our application.
So this is what this model is about will implement the backend so that we can actually store our orders
so that we have a way of retrieving them.
Even after our page was reloaded for that story on the back end I'm going to use firebase firebase is
a service offered by Google.
It's essentially out of the box working back and which includes a database.
The cool thing is we can use it for free and for the amount of fuel we're going to apply in this course
project it's going to stay free and we don't have to write any server side code which discours of course
is not about but the way we communicate with firebase is the same we communicate with any other backend.
So does is representative for your back and in your project.
Now with that let's dive into that and let's create our fire best project in the next lecture so that
we then can start storing our orders there.